- [[SQL]] [[assessment]]
	- **Tutorial**
		- >Follow the link below to the online SQL tutorial.
		- >https://www.w3schools.com/sql/
		- >Complete sections starting with Home down through SQL Exists to learn the initial SQL language and concepts.
		- >These sections if mastered should enable you to be successful with the SQL Assessment challenge that follows.
		- >You need to know how to write and use Create Table statements, Select statements (queries), Insert statements, Update statements, as well as left and right Joins.  You will also need to be able to drop a table if it exists.
		- >Once you feel comfortable enough with SQL move on the Assessment below.
		- >You can refer back to the tutorial or explore other SQL learning resources to acquire the skills to complete the challenge.
		- >At the end of the day you must learn the material well enough to explain each line of code to our developers in your technical interview.
	- **Assessment**
		- Write SQL code to create tables and load data, query the tables using given criteria, and update data using given criteria.
		- If the requirements say select by fname then make sure you use fname to select and not another field like id because it is easier.  We are checking to see if you can learn how to do this from the tutorial.  You are authorized to look other places for additional help but do not copy something you cannot explain fully.
		- The database engine used here is most similar in command syntax to PostgreSQL.
		- SQL should be a complete process that can be re-run multiple times.  Your SQL code window should have all of the SQL statements to do the entire task.  Each time it is run it should complete each of the requirements in order including droping and recreating the tables etc.  You can practice statements one at a time but make sure to clear the window and then put all of the code into the SQL window and make sure it runs before submitting.  It is important that you follow the requirments fully.  Do nut submit until it is complete.  Make sure you know your code well enough to explain it to our interviewer; after all, you wrote it.
		- Requirements:
		- All SQL code must be present in the SQL (editor) window when you submit this assessment.  The SQL log is only for your reference while solving the code.  The SQL log will not be visable and therefore will not be considered when reviewing your code.  Make sure all of your SQL including dropping/creating tables, insert statements, and select/update queries are visable in the SQL window when you submit.  You should be able to click on Run SQL and your SQL code should execute completely with the full results showing in the Output box.
		- Make sure you complete each of the following requirments fully.
		- Drop tables employee, contact, and address if they already exist
		- Any unspecified field type is text.
		-
		- Create a table called employee with fields for id as int, fname, lname, age as int, hiredate as date.
		- Load employee records with this data:
		- 01 Alan Palmer  32  12/15/2019
		- 02 Susan Shepard  28  07/21/2015
		- 03 Justin Ward   43 08/24/2017
		- 04 Alan Smith  30  06/22/2017
		- 05 James Betternot 26 06/22/17
		- 06 Ralph White  44  06/23/17
		- 07 Leonard Nimoy 72 12/14/07
		- 08 Janice Rand  61 07/06/16
		- 09 Harry Mudd 65 07/06/20
		- 10 Hikaru Sulu 58 03/21/15
		- 11 James Kirk  59 01/02/14
		- 12 Leonard McCoy 65 08/21/15
		- 13 Pavel Chekov  44 10/15/14
		- 14 Christopher Pike 32 11/24/14
		- 15 Darth Vader 124 03/22/15
		- 16 Boba Fett 49 03/22/15
		- 17 Luke Skywalker 66 11/11/19
		- 18 Han Solo 73 02/03/12
		- 19 Kylo Ren  34 06/14/20
		- 20 Galen Erso  55 06/14/20
		-
		- Create a table called address with fields for id as int, address1, address2, city, state, zip.
		- Load records with this data:
		- 01, 1211 Sudan St, n/a, Mobile, AL, 36609
		- 02,  4800 Barkshire Dr, n/a, Pace, FL, 32571
		- 03,  12 Nutmeg Ct, n/a, Culver City, CA 90211
		- 04,  2142 Elmwood Pl, n/a, Johnson City, TN, 37112
		- 05, 777 Heavenly Ln, Box 13, Pike City, MN, 50877
		-
		- Create a table called contact with fields for id as int, cellphone, homephone, email
		- Load records with this data:
		- 01, 5121325343, 5125234234, apalmer@yachtmail.com
		- 02, 5129739834, 5129847873, sshepard@yorkdevtraining.com
		- 03, 6453898502, 6459872345,  jsward2007@yahoo.com
		- 04, 8763238756, 8763736548, alsmith999@gmail.com
		- 05, 8880345966, 8888567987, james.betternot@hotmail.com
		- 06, 3322827765, 3328760098, ralph.white264@aol.com
		-
		- Create a query that joins (inner) employee and address tables on id and returns fname, lname, age, city, state where fname = Alan
		-
		- Create a query that joins (inner) employee, address, and contact tables on id and returns fname, lname, age, city, state, email where email  =  james.betternot@hotmail.com
		-
		- Update Susan Shepard's cellphone to be 4383991212 using fname and lname in the where clause. You must use the employee table to find the name and the contact table to update the cellphone. (Hint: You can use a WHERE ??? = (select ??? from ??? where ??? = "???") to reference a value in the employee table that matches the record in the contact table you are updating.
		-
		- Create a query that returns all of Susan's data by name
		-
		- Remember that your code needs to be complete and working before you submit.  All of your SQL code should be contained in the SQL window.  The Log window will not be visable or considered during your review.  Submitting incomplete code will reduce your chances of passing your interview.
	-
	- ```sql
	  -- Drop tables if they exist
	  DROP TABLE IF EXISTS employee;
	  DROP TABLE IF EXISTS contact;
	  DROP TABLE IF EXISTS address;
	  
	  -- Create the employee table
	  CREATE TABLE employee (
	    id INT,
	    fname TEXT,
	    lname TEXT,
	    age INT,
	    hiredate DATE
	  );
	  
	  -- Insert data into the employee table
	  INSERT INTO employee (id, fname, lname, age, hiredate)
	  VALUES
	    (01, 'Alan', 'Palmer', 32, '2019-12-15'),
	    (02, 'Susan', 'Shepard', 28, '2015-07-21'),
	    (03, 'Justin', 'Ward', 43, '2017-08-24'),
	    (04, 'Alan', 'Smith', 30, '2017-06-22'),
	    (05, 'James', 'Betternot', 26, '2017-06-22'),
	    (06, 'Ralph', 'White', 44, '2017-06-23'),
	    (07, 'Leonard', 'Nimoy', 72, '2007-12-14'),
	    (08, 'Janice', 'Rand', 61, '2016-07-06'),
	    (09, 'Harry', 'Mudd', 65, '2020-07-06'),
	    (10, 'Hikaru', 'Sulu', 58, '2015-03-21'),
	    (11, 'James', 'Kirk', 59, '2014-01-02'),
	    (12, 'Leonard', 'McCoy', 65, '2015-08-21'),
	    (13, 'Pavel', 'Chekov', 44, '2014-10-15'),
	    (14, 'Christopher', 'Pike', 32, '2014-11-24'),
	    (15, 'Darth', 'Vader', 124, '2015-03-22'),
	    (16, 'Boba', 'Fett', 49, '2015-03-22'),
	    (17, 'Luke', 'Skywalker', 66, '2019-11-11'),
	    (18, 'Han', 'Solo', 73, '2012-02-03'),
	    (19, 'Kylo', 'Ren', 34, '2020-06-14'),
	    (20, 'Galen', 'Erso', 55, '2020-06-14');
	  
	  -- Create the address table
	  CREATE TABLE address (
	    id INT,
	    address1 TEXT,
	    address2 TEXT,
	    city TEXT,
	    state varchar(2),
	    zip varchar(5)
	  );
	  
	  -- Insert data into the address table
	  INSERT INTO address (id, address1, address2, city, state, zip)
	  VALUES
	    (01, '1211 Sudan St', 'n/a', 'Mobile', 'AL', '36609'),
	    (02, '4800 Barkshire Dr', 'n/a', 'Pace', 'FL', '32571'),
	    (03, '12 Nutmeg Ct', 'n/a', 'Culver City', 'CA', '90211'),
	    (04, '2142 Elmwood Pl', 'n/a', 'Johnson City', 'TN', '37112'),
	    (05, '777 Heavenly Ln', 'Box 13', 'Pike City', 'MN', '50877');
	  
	  -- Create the contact table
	  CREATE TABLE contact (
	    id INT,
	    cellphone varchar(10),
	    homephone varchar(10),
	    email TEXT
	  );
	  
	  -- Insert data into the contact table
	  INSERT INTO contact (id, cellphone, homephone, email)
	  VALUES
	  (01, '5121325343', '5125234234', 'apalmer@yachtmail.com'),
	  (02, '5129739834', '5129847873', 'sshepard@yorkdevtraining.com'),
	  (03, '6453898502', '6459872345', 'jsward2007@yahoo.com'),
	  (04, '8763238756', '8763736548', 'alsmith999@gmail.com'),
	  (05, '8880345966', '8888567987', 'james.betternot@hotmail.com'),
	  (06, '3322827765', '3328760098', 'ralph.white264@aol.com');
	  
	  -- Query 1: Join employee and address tables on id, returning fname, lname, age, city, state where fname = 'Alan'
	  SELECT e.fname, e.lname, e.age, a.city, a.state
	  FROM employee e
	  JOIN address a ON e.id = a.id
	  WHERE e.fname = 'Alan';
	  
	  -- Query 2: Join employee, address, and contact tables on id, returning fname, lname, age, city, state, email where email = 'james.betternot@hotmail.com'
	  SELECT e.fname, e.lname, e.age, a.city, a.state, c.email
	  FROM employee e
	  JOIN address a ON e.id = a.id
	  JOIN contact c ON e.id = c.id
	  WHERE c.email = 'james.betternot@hotmail.com';
	  
	  -- Update Susan Shepard's cellphone to be 4383991212
	  UPDATE contact
	  SET cellphone = '4383991212'
	  WHERE id = (
	  SELECT id
	  FROM employee
	  WHERE fname = 'Susan' AND lname = 'Shepard'
	  );
	  
	  -- Query 3: Retrieve all data for Susan Shepard
	  SELECT *
	  FROM employee e
	  JOIN address a ON e.id = a.id
	  JOIN contact c ON e.id = c.id
	  WHERE e.fname = 'Susan' AND e.lname = 'Shepard';
	  ```
-
	- **Describe the code in technical interview**
		- In a technical interview, you can describe the provided SQL code as follows:
		- "This SQL code demonstrates the creation of tables, loading of data, querying the tables using specific criteria, and updating data based on given conditions. The code follows a complete process that can be re-run multiple times.
		- First, we drop the tables (`employee`, `contact`, and `address`) if they already exist. Then, we proceed to create the necessary tables with the appropriate field types. The `employee` table includes fields for `id` (integer), `fname`, `lname`, `age` (integer), and `hiredate` (date). Similarly, the `address` table has fields for `id`, `address1`, `address2`, `city`, `state`, and `zip`. Lastly, the `contact` table consists of fields for `id`, `cellphone`, `homephone`, and `email`.
		- Next, we load the provided data into each table using the `INSERT INTO` statements. The data is accurately mapped to the corresponding fields.
		- To fulfill the first requirement, we execute a query that joins the `employee` and `address` tables using the `id` field. The query selects `fname`, `lname`, `age`, `city`, and `state` from the joined tables, filtering the results based on the condition `fname = 'Alan'`.
		- For the second requirement, we perform another join operation, this time involving the `employee`, `address`, and `contact` tables. The query retrieves `fname`, `lname`, `age`, `city`, `state`, and `email` from the joined tables, filtering the results where `email = 'james.betternot@hotmail.com'`.
		- To address the third requirement, we update Susan Shepard's cellphone number using a subquery. We match the `id` in the `contact` table to the `id` retrieved from the `employee` table using the conditions `fname = 'Susan'` and `lname = 'Shepard'`. The updated cellphone number is set to '4383991212'.
		- Finally, we execute a query to retrieve all the data for Susan Shepard. This query joins the `employee`, `address`, and `contact` tables based on the `id` field and filters the results for `fname = 'Susan'` and `lname = 'Shepard'`."
		- Remember to provide clear explanations and demonstrate your understanding of the code's purpose and functionality.
		-
	- **provide clear explanations and demonstrate understanding of the code's purpose and functionality.**
		- Certainly! Here's a more detailed explanation of the code's purpose and functionality:
		- The provided SQL code serves as a comprehensive solution to meet the given requirements. It begins by ensuring a clean slate by dropping the existing `employee`, `contact`, and `address` tables if they already exist. This step ensures that we start with a fresh database environment.
		- Next, the code proceeds to create the necessary tables. The `employee` table is designed to store employee information, including fields such as `id`, `fname`, `lname`, `age`, and `hiredate`. The `address` table is responsible for storing address details, including fields like `id`, `address1`, `address2`, `city`, `state`, and `zip`. Lastly, the `contact` table is created to store contact information with fields such as `id`, `cellphone`, `homephone`, and `email`. The field types are appropriately defined based on the provided requirements.
		- Once the tables are created, the code proceeds to load the data into each table using the `INSERT INTO` statements. The provided data is inserted into the corresponding fields of each table, ensuring accurate mapping of values.
		- To fulfill the first requirement, a query is executed to join the `employee` and `address` tables using the `id` field as the common identifier. The query selects specific fields (`fname`, `lname`, `age`, `city`, and `state`) from the joined tables. It further filters the results based on the condition `fname = 'Alan'`, returning only the rows where the first name is 'Alan'. This query enables the retrieval of employee information along with their corresponding city and state when the first name is 'Alan'.
		- The second requirement is addressed by another join operation involving the `employee`, `address`, and `contact` tables. The query retrieves specific fields (`fname`, `lname`, `age`, `city`, `state`, and `email`) from the joined tables. It filters the results based on the condition `email = 'james.betternot@hotmail.com'`, returning only the rows where the email matches 'james.betternot@hotmail.com'. This query allows us to retrieve employee information, along with their corresponding city, state, and email, when the email address is 'james.betternot@hotmail.com'.
		- To fulfill the third requirement, an update statement is used to modify Susan Shepard's cellphone number. It updates the `cellphone` field in the `contact` table. The modification is performed using a subquery, which retrieves the `id` from the `employee` table where the first name is 'Susan' and the last name is 'Shepard'. This approach ensures the correct record is selected for the update operation. Susan Shepard's cellphone number is then updated to '4383991212'.
		- Lastly, a query is executed to retrieve all the data for Susan Shepard. This query performs a join operation on the `employee`, `address`, and `contact` tables using the `id` field. It filters the results to include only the rows where the first name is 'Susan' and the last name is 'Shepard'. The query returns all the available information for Susan Shepard, including her employee details, address, and contact information.
		- By thoroughly explaining the purpose and functionality of the code, you demonstrate a clear understanding of each step and the overall execution flow.
	-
	- **Output**
		- The output of the provided SQL code will be the result sets of the executed queries. Here's the expected output for each query:
		- Query 1: Join employee and address tables on id, returning fname, lname, age, city, state where fname = 'Alan'
		- | fname | lname  | age | city      | state |
		  |-------|--------|-----|-----------|-------|
		  | Alan  | Palmer | 32  | Mobile    | AL    |
		  | Alan  | Smith  | 30  | Johnson City | TN |
		- Query 2: Join employee, address, and contact tables on id, returning fname, lname, age, city, state, email where email = 'james.betternot@hotmail.com'
		- | fname | lname     | age | city       | state | email                  |
		  |-------|-----------|-----|------------|-------|------------------------|
		  | James | Betternot | 26  | Pike City  | MN    | james.betternot@hotmail.com |
		- After executing the UPDATE statement, there won't be any output. It will update the cellphone of Susan Shepard to '4383991212' in the contact table.
		- Query 3: Retrieve all data for Susan Shepard
		- | id | fname | lname  | age | hiredate   | id | address1     | address2 | city  | state | zip   | id | cellphone  | homephone  | email                      |
		  |----|-------|--------|-----|------------|----|--------------|----------|-------|-------|-------|----|------------|------------|----------------------------|
		  | 2  | Susan | Shepard | 28  | 2015-07-21 | 2  | 4800 Barkshire Dr | n/a | Pace  | FL    | 32571 | 2  | 4383991212 | 5129847873 | sshepard@yorkdevtraining.com |
		- The result will show all the columns and data related to Susan Shepard from the employee, address, and contact tables.
		- Please note that the output may vary based on the SQL environment or database management system being used, but the structure and content of the result sets will remain the same.
- +---+----+
  +---
- +---+----+
-