- [[JavaScript]] [[assessment]]
	- **Learn JavaScript with HTML**
	- JavaScript is a lightweight, interpreted programming language. It is designed for creating network-centric applications. It is complimentary to and integrated with Java. JavaScript is very easy to implement because it is integrated with HTML. It is open and cross-platform.
	- **Why learn JavaScript?**
	- JavaScript is a MUST for students and working professionals to become great Software Engineers.  This is especially true when they are working in the Web Development Domain.
	- **Key advantages of learning JavaScript:**
	- ·      JavaScript is the most popular programming language in the world and that makes it a programmer’s great choice. Once you've learned JavaScript, it helps you to develop great front-end as well as back-end software using different JavaScript based frameworks like jQuery, Node.JS etc.
	- ·      JavaScript is everywhere, it comes installed on every modern web browser, and so to learn JavaScript you really do not need any special environment setup. For example, Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and every browser you know as of today, supports JavaScript.
	- ·      JavaScript helps you create beautiful and crazy fast websites. You can develop your website using a console like look and feel and give your users the best Graphical User Experience.
	- ·      Due to high demand, there are many job opportunities and high pay for those who know JavaScript.
	- ·      There are lots of frameworks and Libraries already developed which can be used directly in your software development to reduce your time to market.
	- There could be thousands of good reasons to learn JavaScript Programming. But one thing is for sure, to learn any programming language, not only JavaScript, you just need to code, and code and finally code until you become an expert.
	- Go to the Tutorial Link below to begin learning JavaScript.  You should start with the left menu JS Introduction, work through each tutorial in order down through JS Date Get Methods. Next, study the following individual sections: JS Conditions, JS Loop For, JS RegExp, and review HTML input pattern.  These will be useful before attempting to complete the Assessment challenge project.  You may find other sections and other sources are helpful as there is usually more than one way to write a piece of code.  We prefer that you check the pattern match of the userid with javaScript rather than on the HTML input, but the HTML pattern match is ok if you can't figure out how to do it in javaScript.
	- Keep in mind that the assessment environment and the tutorial practice environment are seperate spaces and there is no backend to submit a form to in the assessment environment.  You may or may not create a form, but if you say <form action="/action_page.php">, it will fail because there is no action_page.php in the assessment environment to submit to.  A form tag is not needed for the button to work.  Make your button call your functions on click.
	- Do not be concerned with information regarding various versions of JavaScript like ES1 or ES6 etc. as no versions will be mentioned in the challenge.  You will be using the most up-to-date JavaScript version and the Chrome browser if you are accepted into the training class.
	- You should also revisit the HTML tutorial and study the JavaScript section there as it will help you access HTML elements from JavaScript. [https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_scripts.asp](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_scripts.asp)
	-
	- Write all of the code yourself, copying complete sections of code or an entire document will be considered intellectual dishonesty, and are grounds for disqualification from entry.
	- This is a challenging assessment project but it's not difficult if you are patient and apply yourself to it.  You passed the quizzes, so you are smart enough to do this.  You need to believe in yourself and make it happen!  Good luck!
	- *Some of the assessment pages use complex and advanced HTML to create a more seamless learning environment.  We have found that the Chrome browser is the most reliable for taking these assessments.  The Chrome browser can be downloaded from this link: *[https://www.google.com/chrome/](https://www.google.com/chrome/)
-
	- ---
	-