- [[AWS]]
	- the humorous story of me inviting people to apply.
	  Story of “If you are like me, you should …” 
	  attend the AWS Institute Developer Associate program. 
	  If you are like me, who wants to break into a tech career. and start from learning what computer is.
	  father’s soul appears on the cloud and says son, you are a software engineer and you will be a developer on the cloud scale with rain as you go pricing.
	  LeetCode vs HackerRank
	  coding python for 1 year
	- if you are an engineer and are wondering if you want to design a static website, or if you are able to utilize TypeScript, Deno, astro, 11ty, SWAG
	- if you are excited about html, css, js, react, figma, ux/ui
		- ux/ui
	- then your father’s soul comes and tells you, my son, you really love front end and should follow what you are passionate about.
	  java
	  db
	  Docker for running containers, Kubernetes for automating software deployment, scaling, and operation of containers.
	  Chef and Puppet are both configuration management platforms that aim to configure and manage servers and other IT infrastructure.
	  if you are like me, who wants to become a DevOps Professional in 2025, it starts from zero at AWS cloud institute.
	  data analytics, machine learning and ai
	  in high school I was introduced to C, Pascal, and FoxPro, procedurally oriented programming language and database management system (DBMS), and was also an object-oriented programming language. and I was excited to draw plans in AutoCad 12 under DOS. That’s a time when Windows 3.1 was still a cool graphical app under DOS a few years before first graphical user interface (GUI) operating system Windows 95 came out.
	  or if you are not like me, but you would then …
	  If you are like me who 
	  If you are like me who went to college 20 years ago and you don’t want to hear that word again.
	-