- JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structure Masterclass #Udemy
	- Schedule: everyday at 11am for 3 hours
-
- [[Data Analyst]] #position EXO Boston– Multiverse
	- A highlight of my day is attending webinars and lectures to study new materials. I also enjoy communicating through Slack with team members and getting involved in mentoring activities in study sessions. These experiences help me stay engaged, learn new things, and contribute to the success of the team.
	-
	- Multiverse question “in 5 years i want to”:
	  In 5 years, I aim to be a data analyst at Citizens Bank, mastering skills in process optimization and automation, data visualization, statistics, predictive modeling, big data tools, and cloud computing. My goal is to grow within the company and make a positive impact while remaining adaptable.
	-
	- A skill I am currently developing is:
	  A key skill I am currently developing for this position is proficiency in programming languages. Meanwhile, I am developing my communication, teamwork, and networking skills.
	-
	- Projects:
	  Developed teamwork skills on Carnivalist web development project. Used Zenhub to organize tasks, participated in brainstorming sessions, and received positive feedback. Increased satisfaction ratings by 25% and completed the project 1 week early. Valuable skills gained for future team-oriented work.
	-
	- Woman Life Freedom - 
	  I completed the project on time with a user-friendly mobile view design, which received positive feedback from users and led to a 10% increase in website traffic. My resilience skills also increased my productivity by 15% and taught me the importance of finding solutions to overcome obstacles.
	-
	- On AI Creative Image Painter project showcasing African American leaders in America. As product manager, led team by assigning roles, setting goals, and facilitating communication. Resulted in on-time project completion, exceeded client expectations, and a 20% increase in website traffic.
	-
	- • Web Development: HTML, CSS, TailwindCSS, DaisyUI, JavaScript, React, API
	  • Version control: Git/GitHub
	  • IDEs: VSCode, WebStorm
	  • Prototyping: Figma
	  • Project management: Agile-Scrum in ZenHub
	  • Database: PostgreSQL in Supabase
	  • Knowledge base / Note taking: Markdown in Logseq, .md, and presentations
	  • Production Deployment: Vercel
	  • Introduction to Node.js, Docker, and AWS
	  • Collaboration: Slack, Around
	-
	- Actions to develop communication skills: ensured team roles & responsibilities are clear, established communication plan with regular updates & feedback sessions, actively listened to comments & incorporated into project.
	-
	- a great role at Citizens Bank
	  Job Title: Data Analyst EXO Boston MA
	-
	- What relevant interests and skills could you bring to this role?
	- Tell us more about your skills from past experiences and why they'd work well in this role.
	- **As a data-driven individual, I believe my strong analytical skills and attention to detail make me an excellent candidate for the Data Analyst role at Citizens Bank. I am eager to handle data and analyze complex information quickly and efficiently while performing visualization, and reporting. Additionally, I am interested in working with large datasets. My future proficiency in programming languages will enable me to provide valuable insights and recommendations to the team.**
	- Why are you interested in an apprenticeship with Citizens?
	- Be specific and share your why: 'Why are you applying to this role/company specifically?
	- **My interest in financial services and banking aligns well with Citizens Bank's mission and values. I have been following the bank's initiatives on financial education and social responsibility, and I am excited about the opportunity to contribute to such a reputable institution. I’m confident that my skills and experiences make me a strong fit for this role and I look forward to contributing to your team.**
-