- Resume
- Amirhossein Olyaei
- | Boston,  MA, USA
  Web Developer[github.com/AmirhosseinOlyaei](https://github.com/AmirhosseinOlyaei)[linkedin.com/in/amirhossein-olyaei](https://www.linkedin.com/in/amirhossein-olyaei/)
- | # **OVERVIEW**
  A Front End Web Developer with expertise in CSS, JavaScript, React.js, REST API, web software architecture, and the software development lifecycle. I'm passionate about crafting dynamic, visually appealing websites that offer intuitive user experiences. My collaborative approach to problem-solving ensures that I am able to deliver the best possible results.# **PROJECTS**
  Carnivalist [https://team-carnival-the-craigslist-rebuild.vercel.app/](https://team-carnival-the-craigslist-rebuild.vercel.app/)
- Redesigned Craigslist's website to enhance the user experience and improve the user interface in the web design project.
- Established regular communication sessions for updates and feedback, clarifying team roles and responsibilities. Actively listened to comments and incorporated them into the project.
- Stack: Figma, HTML, TailwindCSS, DaisyUI, GitHub,  Vercel, and Webstorm, ZenhubCreativePainter.io  [https://github.com/AmirhosseinOlyaei/creative-painter-io](https://github.com/AmirhosseinOlyaei/creative-painter-io)
- The Artificial Intelligence (AI) Creative Painter project generates images based on civil rights history showcasing African American leaders in America.
- As product manager, I led the team by assigning roles, setting goals, and facilitating communication. Resulted in on-time project completion, exceeded client expectations, and a 20% increase in website traffic.
- Stack: HTML, CSS, API, and JavaScriptFreedom  [https://mobile-view-fb-tailwind.vercel.app/](https://mobile-view-fb-tailwind.vercel.app/)
- Simulated the Facebook mobile Favorites using TailwindCSS which received positive feedback from users and led to a 10% increase in website traffic.
- Improved my resilience and taught me the importance of finding solutions to overcome obstacles. Increased my productivity by 15%.
  Stack: HTML, CSS, and TailwindCSS
- # **EXPERIENCE**
- > Full Stack Web Application Developer, MSIMBO, Boston, Nov 2022 - Apr 2023
- Developed Marketing AI web application life cycle in both the front and back end geared towards streamlining tasks, and providing a robust experience at scale while fostering cultural exchanges, and solving real-world problems.
- Collaborated on Agile-Scrum project management tool, to organize and prioritize tasks and the status of ongoing issues, honed teamwork and communication skills.
- Contributed ideas and received positive constructive feedback in stand-up sessions to enhance the overall user experience.
- Boosted satisfaction ratings by 25% and completed the project 1 week early. Gained valuable skills for future team-oriented work.
- > Apex Systems, MA, Field Service Technician 2021 - 2022
- Configured, converted, and upgraded over 40 wireless equipment for more than 350 houses and businesses at ADT.
- Provided customer service, facilitated site evaluation,  trained equipment utilization.
- Managed orders and boosted the upsell by an average of 7% onsite.
- Trained and supervised 3 new field service technicians.
- # **EDUCATION**
- > Full Stack Web Development, ULEM, Boston  Nov 2022 - Apr 2023
- Full-time 9 AM - 4 PM for 20 weeks, Instructor-led bootcamp;
- Web Development: HTML, CSS, TailwindCSS, DaisyUI, JavaScript, React.js, API
- Version control: Git / GitHub
- IDEs: VSCode / WebStorm / CodeSandbox / JSitor
- Prototyping: Figma
- Project management: Agile-Scrum in ZenHub
- Database: PostgreSQL in Supabase
- Knowledge base / Note taking: Markdown in Logseq, .md, and presentations
- Production Deployment: Vercel / Introduction to Node.js, Docker, and AWS
- Collaboration: Slack, Around
# **TECHNOLOGIES**
JavaScriptReact.jsAPIPostgreSQL
# **ADDITIONAL TECH**
HTML & CSSTailwindCSS/DaisyUIFigmaGit/GitHubVercel/CI & CD
# **METHODS & SYSTEM**
Agile-Scrum DevelopmentContinuous Integration & Deployment (CI/CD)Version Control System (VCS)Collaborative Software Development
- # **SKILLS & SPORTS**
  Native Persian Fluent in English Volleyball Hiking Skiing |
-