- [[Group-work 2: Marketing AI App]]
	- [[Figma]]
		- https://www.figma.com/file/QEghK2yYc6BeQZOTWoigNt/F23C1---Group---AI-Marketing-App?node-id=132%3A8409&t=18TxdcUEZUAS9suc-0
	- [[Figjam]]
		- https://www.figma.com/file/W6Bz9BTMgkKCcoCoXWpLab/F23C1---Group---Al-Marketing-App---User-Journey?node-id=0%3A1&t=Q4t88ktKFYNRfBHr-0
	- [[EPIC]]
		- Functionality for Website tab: User can generate a website using AI.
		- Unique and catchy headlines that are perfect for landing page.
			- User defines a project name, product name, and a short description.
			- e.g. TEXO; TEXOAI; The best copywriting tools ever for SEO Blog an More.
			- User can select desired generated results for AI to further personalize the headline.
		- Tailored high-converting landing page copies
			- User will provide benefit/features for AI to generate content for the landing page.
			- e.g. Article and Blogs, SEO, E-commerce; Keyword Research, Website and Misc; Social Media, Product Description, Content Rephrase
			- User can select desired generated results for AI to further personalize the landing page content.
		- SEO Meta Description in user’s website for maximum visibility
			- User will provide project name, company name, search term, and a short description for AI to generate content for the SEO Meta Description.
			- e.g. TEXO; TEXOAI; copywriting, ai; AI -- Assistant for your business.
			- User can select desired generated results for AI to further personalize the SEO Meta Description content.
		- Functionality & Interaction:  Website
		  User can generate a website using AI.
		  As a user I can create unique and catchy headlines that are perfect for landing page.
		  Issues:
		  User defines a project name, product name, and a short description.
		  e.g. TEXO; TEXOAI; The best copywriting tools ever for SEO Blog an More.
		  User can select desired generated results for AI to further personalize the headline.
		  As a user I can have Tailored high-converting landing page copies
		  Issues: 
		  User will provide benefit/features for AI to generate content for the landing page.
		  e.g. Article and Blogs, SEO, E-commerce; Keyword Research, Website and Misc; Social Media, Product Description, Content Rephrase
		  User can select desired generated results for AI to further personalize the landing page content.
		  As a user I can create SEO Meta Description in user’s website for maximum visibility
		  Issues:
		  User will provide project name, company name, search term, and a short description for AI to generate content for the SEO Meta Description.
		  e.g. TEXO; TEXOAI; copywriting, ai; AI -- Assistant for your business.
		  User can select desired generated results for AI to further personalize the SEO Meta Description content.
		-