- // Refer to the Markdown tab for the main instructions, and instructions for each individual question are written as comments in this source file.
- // Only edit code in the sections for each question. There is some code that should not be edited, it is just used to set up the conditions for your code to work. That code has comments around it mentioning not to edit it.
- // QUESTION 1. Assign string values based on your own information to the variables firstName, lastName and homeCountry below.
  const firstName = "Amirhossein";
  const lastName = "Olyaei";
  const homeCountry = "Iran";
  // QUESTION 2. String Concatenation (Addition) - Add your firstName and lastName variables together and set them equal to the fullName variable as a string. Don't forget to add a space.
  const fullName = firstName + " " + lastName;
  console.log ("Full name:", fullName);
  //QUESTION 3. String Concatenation (Addition) 2. - Create a sentence and set it equal to the mySentence variable that says "My full name is (your fullName variable). I am from (homeCountry)." Try and use template literal notation! For example, if your fullName variable contains the string "John Doe" and your homeCountry variable contains the string "Brazil" it would end up equaling ""My full name is John Doe. I am from Brazil."
  const mySentence = `My full name is ${fullName}. I am from ${homeCountry}.`;
  console.log (mySentence)
- // concat
  // const name = 'My full name is ';
  // const from = '. I am from ';
  // const mySentence = name.concat(fullName) + from.concat(homeCountry, '.');
  // console.log(mySentence)
- //QUESTION 4. FUNKY INITIALS. Using multiple string methods and your firstName and lastName variables from above (think length, slice, indexOf, charAt, that kind of thing) programmatically place the last letter of your first name and the last letter of your last name into the funkyInitials variable below. Also make sure they are capitalized. 
  //Hint: You may want to create new variables as intermediary steps before finally setting or resetting the value of funkyInitials.
  let funkyInitials = firstName.charAt(firstName.length - 1) + lastName.charAt(lastName.length - 1);
  funkyInitials = funkyInitials.toUpperCase();
  console.log("Upper cased last letter of first and last name: " + funkyInitials);
  // slice
  // index of
  // QUESTION 5. Conditional 1 - We've had, and have, a lot of developers named Jorge at Code the Dream.  So now we want to check programatically to see if you are the newest Jorge passing through the halls of CtD. Create an if/else statement that sets the variable isJorge to true if your firstName variable is "Jorge" and false if it is anything else.  
  let isJorge;
  if (firstName === "Jorge") {
  isJorge = true;
  } else
  isJorge = false;
  console.log("the newest Jorge? " + isJorge)
  //Question 6. Conditional 2 - You are given a randomNumber generator that will create a number between 1 and 3 in the randomNumber variable (do not change this code). 
  //Create a condtional where 
  //if the randomNumber variable is equal to 1 set theAnswer variable to "perhaps it is so", 
  //if randomNumber is equal to 2 set theAnswer variable to "yes, definitely" and 
  //if randomNumber is equal to 3 set theAnswer to "no, never"
  /// DO NOT TOUCH THE CODE HERE - it is creating a random number between 1 and three for you to test against
  const randomNumber = Math.floor((Math.random() * 3) + 1);
- ///// WRITE YOUR CODE BELOW 
  let theAnswer = "";
  if (randomNumber === 1)
  theAnswer = "perhaps it is so";
  else if (randomNumber === 2)
  theAnswer = "yes, definitely";
  else
  theAnswer = "no, never";
  console.log("random number! " + theAnswer)
  // switch case
  // define an object, utilizing random number to return one of the strings
- // QUESTION 7. Given the variable x, using JS round it to it's nearest two decimal number on the line immediately below the line that initially sets the x variable.
- let x = 21.45729;
  x = Number(x.toFixed(2));
  console.log(x)
  // math
- // QUESTION 8. Given the variable y as a string, convert it to the an integer with no decimal places. Round down.
- let y = "15.3522";
  y = parseInt(y, 10);
  console.log(y)
  // link
- //QUESTION 9. Without removing the string delimiters from var1 (the " "), add var1 and var2 so that they add up to 42 as an integer and are stored in the variable var3.
- const var1 = "24";
- const var2 = 18;
- //code here
  let var3; 
  var3 = Number(var1) + var2;
  console.log(var3)
  //QUESTION 10 - MODULUS/REMAINDER and some other JS. If the variable var4q is divisible by exactly 6 then have the variable var4a set to the string "It is divisible." If it is not divisible by 6 then set it to the string. "I am not divisible."
- const var4q = 42;
  let var4a;
  if (var4q % 6 === 0) {
    var4a = "It is divisible."
  }
  else {
    var4a = "I am not divisible."
  }
  // var4a = var4q % 6 === 0 ? "It is divisible." : "I am not divisible.";
  console.log(var4a)
  // ?
- /// DO NOT TOUCH THE CODE HERE
  // export functions and variables you want to check against here. Do not touch this if you are a student.
- module.exports = {
  randomNumber, theAnswer, firstName, lastName, homeCountry, fullName, mySentence, isJorge, funkyInitials, x, y, var1, var2, var3, var4q, var4a
  }