- [[links]] [[CSS]]
	- https://flowbite.com/
-
- [[CtD]] [[Mindset Assignment]] week 16
	- **When you’ve had limited or no access to something, what did you do? Were you ultimately able to get what you needed? If not, how did your lack of access impact your life?**
		-
		- I may need to adjust the text size or zoom in on content to read it comfortably. Websites should be designed to support text resizing without causing content overlaps or functionality issues. For example, Some apps do not give the option to zoom in. Therefore, I try to use their web version in my browser. So I can zoom in using cmd + or two fingers pinching out.
		- Online forms should be designed with accessibility in mind, including clear labels, instructions, and error messages.
		- A consistent layout and predictable navigation help my cognitive ability to better understand and interact with websites.
		-
		- And the most important one for me is that websites should be created with accessibility features, such as proper headings, alternative text, and logical reading order, so screen readers and other assistive reader view and text-to-speech technologies can access them.
	-
	- **Now that you’ve read about accessibility, and hopefully considered some of the challenges others face using the internet, are there things you can/will do differently in your current/future project(s)? Give examples/specifics.**
		- 1. Adhering to Web Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).
		- 2. Testing with Assistive Technologies.
		- 3. Providing Alternative Text for images.
		- 4. Captioning and Transcripts for Multimedia.
		- 5. Keyboard Navigability.
		- 6. Color Contrast.
		- 7. Structured and Semantic HTML.
		- 8. Avoiding Auto-Play and Autocomplete.
		- 9. Inclusive User Testing.
		- 10. Accessible Documentation.
		- 11. Continuous Learning and Improvement.
		- 12. Educate Team Members.