- #stacks
	- **Name at least 3 technologies (languages, frameworks, libraries, etc...) that you are most proficient in.**
		- Project management: Agile-Scrum in GitHub Projects and ZenHub.
		- Prototypes and Mockups: Figma.
		- Design Systems based on CSS, TailwindCSS, and MUI.
		- Front end: JavaScript, React.
		- Back end: Node.js, Express.js, Java, Spring Boot, Javalin, and REST API.
		- Version control: Git, and GitHub.
		- Database: SQL, MongoDB, Navicat, Supabase, and Airtable.
		- Containers: Docker
		- Production / Deployment: AWS, Vercel, Netlify, and Tender.
		- Knowledge base / Note taking: Markdown in .md, Logseq, and Notion.
		- And various workflow automation, and AI tools.
		- Familiar with TypeScript.
	- **What would you like your next job title to be?**
		- My next job title could be "React Developer", "Full Stack Developer" or "Software Engineer." These titles reflect my proficiency in both front-end and back-end technologies, as well as my familiarity with project management, design systems, version control, databases, containers, deployment, and AI tools.
	- **How many years of experience do you have? **
		- I hold a Computer Science degree and have accumulated approximately 2 years of experience in tech through bootcamps, a practicum, and mentoring roles.
	- **What location would you like your next opportunity to be in?**
		- I’m open to opportunities in Boston, MA, open to relocation, or remote work.
	- **What rate range are you targeting?**
		- I'm looking for a salary that reflects my skills and experience in the field, as well as the market rates for similar roles in the Boston area. I'm open to discussing a range that aligns with the company's compensation structure and the value I can bring to the team. I'm also interested in the overall compensation package, including growth opportunities and work-life balance, and am open to negotiation based on these factors.
- #ULEM
	- These are next steps:
	- Slide Deck
	  Product Requirements (the features you will build)
	  Transfer PRD to plane.so Pages section
	  Transfer Milestones/Epics to Plaine's Modules
	  Transfer User journeys inside their corresponding Modules
	  Define user flows (important)
	  Generate your UI Mockups with uizard.io
	  Screenshot individually
	  Transfer to Visily
	  Export
	  Separate screenshots
	  Fix structure and titles, buttons, and themes
	  Transfer to Figma
	  .
	  .
	  .
	  FlutterFlow
	  OpenAI & LangChain
	  Automation with n8n
	  WebStudio
	  and so on...
	-