- #ULEM
	- #ai
		- **Ai prompt for db:**
		  
		  “I'm designing a lean HRM application. This app should allow the following:
		- store employees details
		- allow viewing payroll information
		- allow making expenses reports
		  
		  Design my database schema”
		  
		  “rewrite the statements to make the table names plural and the column names snake_cased”
		  
		  “rewrite the SQL statement to have these changes:
		- make it a Postgres variation
		- make the primary key for each table be caleld 'id'”
		  
		  “create an entity relationship diagram (ERD) for this schema as mermaid”
-
- #[[CodeTheDream]]
	- #ai
		- {user stories}
		-
		- Please use your AI tools or conduct research to understand what "user stories" and "user flows" are, specifically in the context of our toy exchange application. As a reminder, our app is similar to Facebook Marketplace but without money exchange. We are using the MERN stack, including MongoDB, Express, React, and Node. Sign up and log in will be handled by Google Auth, and this will apply when a user creates an item or browses their profile.
		-
		- Expand on the product requirements (using a user-story format). In the context of toy exchange application. As an example: our app is similar to Facebook Marketplace, without money exchange. We are using the MERN stack, including MongoDB, Express, React, and Node. Google Auth will handle signup and login.
		- we will be using React and Node.js for the stack (if relevant, recommend other stack as well)
		-
		- AI: Organize and prioritize the product requirements based on MVP, and create draft issues for both backend and frontend repositories.