- #git
	- Resolve merge conflict:
	- Add and commit your changes to the `week4` branch.
	- Checkout `week3`, make the changes required, and add, commit, and push.
	- Checkout `week4`
	- Do: `git checkout week3 -- app.js >apptemp.js`. This takes the version of app.js from the `week3` branch and puts it in a file called `apptemp.js`.
	- Copy the changes you need from `apptemp.js` to `app.js`, and then erase `apptemp.js`
-
- #CtD
	- #standup
		- **Stand-up for March 19, 2024****What I accomplished:**
		- Completed the setup for the PlayItForward application pages, ensuring that there are components for each page.
		- Completed the routes setup, ensuring that there are routes for each page.
		- Created a [pull request](https://github.com/Code-the-Dream-School/ffprac-team4-front/pull/36), and added Gaetan as a reviewer.
		- Set up and established milestones for each team member based on their corresponding wireframe designs.
		  
		  **What I’m working on:**
		- Continuing the development of the PlayItForward application, focusing on implementing the core features as per the wireframes based on the user flow.
		- Implementing user authentication with Google login for the front end, using the `react-google-login` package, to communicate with the back end `passport-google-oauth` package.
		- Collaborating with the team to ensure cohesive development and consistent progress, particularly in aligning the front-end and back-end work.
		  
		  **Blockers:**
		- No significant blockers at the moment. However, staying vigilant for any potential challenges that may arise during the integration of Google Auth and the communication between the front-end and back-end repositories.
		- Dividing milestones like "Create a x Page" into smaller manageable issue lists with priorities for our team, if necessary.
		- Discuss how to prevent any potential overlap in building components.